release workflow: add note about updating conda deps (#126)
cylc/cylc-admin: docs/howto/create-a-release.md

If anything goes wrong, you can also do the whole process manually by
following the [old instructions](create-a-release-old.md).

## Stage 3: release on Conda

> **Note:** The GitHub and PYPI releases are prerequisites for releasing to
> Conda Forge!

> **Note:** The Conda Forge release process is mostly automated by bots. These
> bots are set up during the initial project bootstrap, which has been done for
> all the projects that are part of Cylc 8.

After a Python project has been pushed to PyPi a new PR should be
automatically created on the conda-forge feedstock.

- Follow the instructions on the PR.

> - Check the dependencies are upto date, some projects e.g. cylc-flow have

Reviewer: s/upto/up to?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Check the dependencies are up to date, some projects e.g. cylc-flow have
```

>   a Conda environment file in the reop.

Reviewer: `s/reop/repo`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  a Conda environment file in the repo.
```
